Point out that ActivityTaskStarted will not appear until Activity completed (#2697)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/references/events.md

This [Event](/concepts/what-is-an-event) type indicates that an [Activity Task Execution](/concepts/what-is-an-activity-task-execution) was started.
The SDK Worker picked up the Activity Task and started processing the [Activity](/concepts/what-is-an-activity) invocation.

> The ActivityTaskStarted event is written into Workflow history when your activity completes or fails after all of its retries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ActivityTaskStarted event is written into Workflow Event History when the Activity completes or fails after all of its retries.
```

It may be counter-intuitive that this happens after the final Activity Event (like [ActivityTaskCompleted](/references/events#activitytaskcompleted) or [ActivityTaskFailed](/references/events#activitytaskfailed)).

> Don't be misled into thinking that the activity is failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't be misled into thinking that the Activity did not start if you don't see this Event in the History.
```

This feels like a strange warning. Updated to give it more context.
